---
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
variant: markdown
---
<h2>CHI does not warrant or represent that your use of this Site will not infringe the rights of third parties.</h2><br>
All information and materials found on this Site are for the purposes of information only and are not meant to substitute any advice provided by your own physician or other medical professionals. You should not use the information and materials found on this Site for the purpose of diagnosis or treatment of a health condition or disease or for the prescription of any medication. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, you should promptly consult your own physician and medical advisers.<br>
This Site may contain links to web sites maintained by other people and/or companies. CHI does not monitor the contents of these sites nor does CHI have the ability to control these sites. For these reasons, CHI explicitly disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy, contents, availability of information, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in sites that are linked to or from this Site from third parties not associated with CHI and you irrevocably waive any claim against CHI with respect to such sites. CHI does not endorse or make any representations whatsoever as to the contents of third party sites included in this Site, whether or not such link was created by CHI.<br>
CHI, its staff and the writers of the articles, cannot be held responsible or be liable for any action or decision taken as a result of the information in this Site. Information accessed through this Site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. CHI disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to any warranty that
<li>Your use of this Site will be error-free, free from computer viruses, secure, timely, uninterrupted or will meet your requirements; or</li>
<li>Any material you download from this Site or otherwise obtained through the use of this Site will not cause damage to or impede the functions of your computer system or result in loss of data; or</li>
<li>The contents is accurate, authentic, adequate, applicable, timely, complete or reliable.</li>
None of the contents or any statement made on or obtained through this Site or any oral or written communication between you and CHI (including email or any other electronic communication) shall create or give rise to any warranty unless expressly stated otherwise).